Update links containing 'master' to 'main' branch (#256)
SteeltoeOSS/Samples: Connectors/src/Redis/README.md

﻿# Redis Connector Sample App

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/_apis/build/status/Samples/SteeltoeOSS.Samples%20%5BConnectors_Redis%5D?branchName=2.x)](https://dev.azure.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/_build/latest?definitionId=20&branchName=main)

> This ASP.NET Core sample app uses the [Steeltoe Redis Connector](https://steeltoe.io/docs/steeltoe-connectors/#5-0-redis) to connect to Redis on Cloud Foundry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ASP.NET Core sample app uses the [Steeltoe Redis Connector](https://docs.steeltoe.io/api/v3/connectors/redis.html) to connect to Redis on Cloud Foundry.
```
